You know what you need to know about your team? Members of one, you need
to know what? How they sit. What is the right fit? The best fit for
your team. Members do sit down. And you their service jackets. You're
going to be handed. You're gonna be handed a Manning document and
watch Bill. Well, watch. Little determines. You know, all the people
qualify, you have to sign Watch, Bill. That's gonna go up to your
reporting. Change command and your something said they're all off
to carry out Their watches are that I love you need You need to be able
to sign that specific one. So find out what they could do. I really
miss our jackets Talking to the chief, talking to divisional officer's
and then watching them watching them do syndromes. Okay. People
want qualified people. Want to be the engineer. Also watch the quality
of the stand, watch, runs and drills on Find out if they have
the right judgment. That's how you do it